# Documentation Interest Group — October 7, 2020 — 11:00 AM Eastern

Zoom:  https://us02web.zoom.us/j/87888134747

* Chair: 
* Notes: 
* Attending: 

## Resources:
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/labels/documentation)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)

## Agenda:
* Set recurring day and time
* What do you want from the DIG?
* Discuss scope question: Documentation for Islandora 7 and 8?
* Discuss charge: Steering/managing creation of documentation
    * Recruiting contributors: Who can be asked to write documentation?
    * Identifying gaps: Combing through existing documentation and issues, using survey results to identify tasks to expand/update (method, timeline)
    * Prioritizing tasks: Using survey results to plan work, e.g. for documentation sprints (method, timeline)

## Future discussion topics (timing TBD)
* Accessibility
* Workflow: Ensure users can provide feedback or suggest edits
* Cooperation with Lyrasis around IMLS grant for Fedora migration
