# Documentation Interest Group — December 16, 2020 — 11:00 AM Eastern

Zoom:  https://us02web.zoom.us/j/87888134747

* Chair: Mirko
* Notes: Melissa
* Attending: 
  * Mirko Hanke
  * Melissa Anez
  * Danny Lamb
  * Amy Blau
  * Janice Banser
  * Yamil Suarez

## Resources
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/labels/documentation)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)


## Agenda
* Updates on documentation changes since last meeting
  * Documentation footer update (Cary)
  * List of Islandora Default features (Rosie)
  * Documentation landing page now at top of menu hierarchy
* Workflow
  * Melissa created a new group of Documentation reviewers on GitHub to tag them
* Documentation theme investigations
  * Material for MkDocs is "sponsorware", some features require 10 USD/month sponsorship contribution until certain funding goals are met (https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/insiders/)
  * Material Reference doc has list of supported Markdown features, some supported via Python Markdown Extensions (https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/abbreviations/)
    * Abbreviations + Snippets allows to manage central Glossary to create tooltips
    * Code blocks support syntax highlighting if the language is specified
    * Content tabs allow more compact display of alternative options
    * Supports extensions for definition lists and task lists
    * Using variables/macros for instance the last commit date can be inserted automatically
* Ongoing/planned updates 
  * Open pull requests: https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
  * Open issues w/ tag 'documentation': https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Adocumentation
  * How to keep spreadsheet and GitHub in sync?
  

## Future discussion topics (timing TBD)
* Accessibility
* Cooperation with Lyrasis around IMLS grant for Fedora migration
* Guidelines on the relationship between Readme files and documentation
* Best practices for creating documentation about new features (cf. [notes from 18 November 2020](18-11-20.md))
* ICG Functional requirements list (cf. [notes from 2 December 2020](02-12-20.md))


## Notes

* New footer is ready, just needs a review & merge
* Rosie has a started PR for documenting features; still a work in progress and need contributors
* Rosie built a brand new page on [configuring viewers](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/user-documentation/file_viewers/)
* New Documentation GitHub team is active; ask Melissa if you want to be added to it.
* Material theme: tooltips from a glossary is a free feature that we really like. Some paid features sound nice (especially version support!), plus we'd like to support another open source project. Cost is pretty nominal.
    * The DIG will recommends to the ICC that we pay the $10/month to sponsor Material and access [Insiders](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/insiders/) features. Mirko will present the case during the IG reports section of the December 18th ICC meeting.
    * Danny will have a look at the technical requirements to add the free features to our build
* Lots of issues have the "documentation" tag, but not all seem relevant; maybe we can add the "help wanted" tag for those that might be doable for those in this group? {Filtered search](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Adocumentation+-label%3A%22Meta+Issue%22+) to remove the meta-issues makes the list more manageable.
Our documentation spreadsheet is getting out of sync; Should we keep it updated? Update it just when we're about to do a lot of work? Seems more practical to just do it as needed.
* Work continues on ICG functional requirements. Not yet ready to share outside the group.
* Tracking what's going on in the community in terms of development could be really useful; less wheel re-invention. Topic for the ICC to discuss.
* Janice and mark have writeen up a guide on [how to add a facet on vocabulary reference fields](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora/wiki/Coordinating-Meeting-December-18-2020-11:30-am-AST) that needs ot go through the process to become full-fledged documentation.

## Action items
* [] Update footer to include information about making changes to documentation
* [X] Delve into Material theme documentation to check for features that are possibly useful: https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/
* [] Test behavior of menu items which have children, possibly create landing pages
* [] Danny will have a look at the technical requirements to add the free features to our build
* [] Mirko to present request to sponsor Material to the ICC
* [] Ask Rosie how she made the master list of documentation, so we can document how to document.

## Standing items
* Update documentation spreadsheet
* Tend to Issue queue
