# Documentation Interest Group — October 21, 2020 — 11:00 AM Eastern

Zoom:  https://us02web.zoom.us/j/87888134747

* Chair: Melissa Anez
* Notes: Jeff Rubin
* Attending: 


## Resources:
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/labels/documentation)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)

## Agenda:
* Proposal for documentation workflow: "Formatting corrections and typo corrections where all wording and semantics are left untouched should just be done directly to the repo"
* Review Style Guide document
* mkdocs demo?

## Future discussion topics (timing TBD)
* Accessibility
* Workflow: Ensure users can provide feedback or suggest edits
* Cooperation with Lyrasis around IMLS grant for Fedora migration


## Notes
