# Documentation Interest Group — April 3rd, 2024 — 2:00 PM Eastern

Zoom: https://utexas.zoom.us/j/99578628365?pwd=a21YS1RkVnd5WGpITmxvd0czeW1SZz09

Meeting ID: 995 7862 8365

Passcode: 452561

## Attendance

* 

## Resources
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Type%3A+documentation%22)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)

## Agenda
- Community announcements: 
- List conferences possibly relevant for members of Islandora community/ Islandora foundation staff
    - Audience? Where to publish, how to maintain?
    - Ask for models/ existing collections to avoid reinventing the wheel (?)
    - Think of next actions --> Mirko will suggest to the ICC that this kind of information lives in one of the Github wiki spaces or on the website (e.g. https://github.com/Islandora/islandora-community/wiki)
    - --> In the absence of foundation staff, LG/Board is in charge and will consider question if we send them an email
- Metadata Interest Group, review of Starter Site fields
    - Spreadsheet with field descriptions
    - Add separate metadata page to documentation which links to/embeds spreadsheet?
    - MIG interested in narrative about metadata configuration
    - Think of next actions
        - Lina and Yamil plan to create issue to integrate MIG spreadsheet with documentation (https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1kTAHFcjNnipXHYQSkwgoQsgBPLYBm_1y --> https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N37GSwiDl_DSH9-n3BhWLUtjZohOg2udGJJlnZ8BmWQ/edit#gid=0)
        - set up page for metadata documentation parallel to https://islandora.github.io/documentation/user-documentation/metadata/
- Look into cookbook recipes for Islandora 2 that could be moved to offical docs
    - There's already an issue, verify that all has been moved: https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/1873
    - https://github.com/Islandora-Labs/Islandora-Cookbook
    - Actions
        - Go through https://islandora.github.io/documentation/user-documentation/extending/, compare to https://github.com/Islandora-Labs/Islandora-Cookbook (including Readme file of that repository) and investigate whether recipes are still up to date and which might still need to be migrated
        - Make clear distinction between Islandora Cookbook recipes (lowercase 'r') and Drupal Recipes (https://www.drupal.org/docs/extending-drupal/drupal-recipes)
        - 'deprecate' Islandora Cookbook repository and encourage community members to add recipes to official documentation directly
        - --> Board/LG can provide keys if we send them an email
- Add more obvious link to DIG (and other IGs) to Islandora website?
    - unclear who is currently responsible for website, maybe take to ICC?
    - --> Board/LG is responsible, send email
- Plan mini hack-docs during Islandora Open Meeting(s)?
    - list priorities for documentation work, use time during OM
    - No set plans, looking for volunteer to take this on (put in parking lot?)
- Review open pull requests (2-3, max. 20 minutes): https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
    - https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pull/2236
        - consider creating Installation page that describes differences between methods
        - table comparing different install methods? Rosie will start with first pass of table, possibly as Google sheet
    - [KEEP ON AGENDA]
- Review open documentation issues (https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Type%3A+documentation%22)
    - https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/2279 - ?
    - https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/2286 - requires some investigation/testing before it can be written up
    - [KEEP ON AGENDA]
- Review recent documentation repository commits (https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/commits/main)
    - [KEEP ON AGENDA] 

## Agenda parking lot
- Migration to a wiki based platform
  - investigating wiki platform for documentation: did some research, but not enough resources to push this forward. Could be revisited in the future if IF provides add'l resources; Yamil offers to speak about this at Open Meeting or on other occasion
  - SINGLE TOPIC / Working meeting: Migration of documentation to different platform (e.g. wiki)
  - Google doc for ideas: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CIjdhAC5LuWhypQZSDpj7UQg_IRZk7_HcaVu_kkhcjQ/edit
- DIG Survey: https://forms.gle/39XY7o1qgpQt3ZUw6
  - Survey is now closed, we need to mine knowledge from the data.
  - see notes from previous meeting: https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Documentation-Interest-Group/blob/main/meetings/2023/2023-06-14.md
  - no surprises in survey results as to barriers keeping users from creating documentation
  - visualization of survey results?
  - contains contact info for people we might reach out to again
- 2024 Documentation prior discussion: Follow work to consolidate installation methods/deprecating ISLE-DC; documenting migration pathways between installation flavours; keep readme files and documentation in sync; documenting Docker commands in more detail, possibly making 'make' files optional
    - Created issue https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/2285
    - Discussion for the Tech Call/TAG, not for DIG to solve?
    - Josh will have notes to share for work on this
- Sprint pre-planning for Q? doc sprint?
    - Taking Starter Site as starting point, explaining what (lowercase-F) features are included, explain what happens when you remove portions/add things
    - Suggestion: mini-sprint/microsprint ((c) Yamil) to reorganize/adapt documentation to reflect Starter Site
    - Dev sprint on configuration of Starter site, follow up with doc-mini/micro sprint? Charter draft: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bsPEjJ7lRRgmt75V90bqBGMHhn7i-qt8MDesD-ncp14/edit
    - [KEEP ON AGENDA] Revisit during next meeting

## Notes

## Action items
