# Documentation Interest Group - September 28, 2017 - 3:00 PM EST
## Attending:

* Chair: Don Richards
* Notes: 
* Attending: 

## 1. Approve minutes from last meeting
* [Documentation Interest Group - February 28, 2017 - 1:00 PM EST] (https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Documentation-Interest-Group/blob/main/meetings/2017/Meeting-Notes-2017-02-28.md) 
* How should we refer to the step of deleting (purging) an object to make it unambiguous that we are actually making it gone gone, not just setting it to the state deleted, while also easily understandable to a non-expert?
* In all our README.md's we say "For more information see the wiki" and link to this module's wiki page. In almost all cases, the wiki contains no further information. Should we perhaps flesh out how we use the wiki vs the readme, and could explanations of common 'gotchas' be a use case for the wiki over the readme (I'm not saying we shouldn't accept this PR - I think it's a good improvement to our documentation - but it spawns a bigger potential improvement on how we document.)

## 2. TO DO from last meeting 
* 

## 3. Jira tickets
* look at the Jira tickets and resolve as many as possible during the meeting
* 

## 4. 1.9 Release documentation
* Code freeze took place 


## Next Meeting
* TBD
Agenda:
