# Documentation Interest Group - January 24, 2017 - 3:00 PM EST
## Attending:

* Chair: Robin
* Notes: Gabriela
* Attending: Don Richards, Janice Banser, Gabriela Mircea, Robin Dean

## 1. Convenors for 2017
* Don kindly volunteered to be the convener
* Gabriela will stay on

## 2. Islandora 7.x-1.9 release documentation
* Documentation manager--any volunteers? - Don


## 3. Group organization
* no more standing meetings
* more adhoc meetings that are task based
* more working meetings around release time
* update the terms of the group regarding the meetings schedule - Robin
* ask the community to add DIG in the subject line for all documentation related emails for easier monitoring
* add links to https://github.com/Islandora/islandora/wiki/How-To-Audit,-Document,-or-Test-an-Islandora-Release and https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/ISLANDORA/Contribute to the DIG github


## Next Meeting
* Feb 28, 2017
Agenda:
* look at the Jira tickets and resolve as many as possible during the meeting
* remind the people who volunteerd for documenting the next release to attend the meeting
