# Documentation Interest Group — May 10th, 2023 — 2:00 PM Eastern

Zoom: https://utexas.zoom.us/j/99578628365?pwd=a21YS1RkVnd5WGpITmxvd0czeW1SZz09

Meeting ID: 995 7862 8365

Passcode: 452561

## Attendance

* Annie (chair)
* Jessica
* Mirko (notes)
* Yamil

## Resources
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Type%3A+documentation%22)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)

## Agenda
- Community announcements (if any) : --
- Update from DIG Survey: https://forms.gle/39XY7o1qgpQt3ZUw6
  - Jessica and Yamil presented about surey in April Open Meeting; presentation went well, might have resulted in add'l submissions
  - There are 2 new submissions since open meeting (16 total?)
  - when to close survey? Jessica will advertise last chance to fill out survey, new deadline is Friday May 12th
  - how and when to release final data? Yamil will look into mining 'tricky' scenarios that prevent people from contributing documentation, for lightning talk/FAQ session at IslandoraCon
- Discuss how results from survey can be operationalized
  - expectations about documentation coming from developers?
  - https://fuchsia.dev/fuchsia-src/contribute/docs/documentation-types
  - https://redhat-documentation.github.io/modular-docs/
  - Contact people who offered to be contacted, organize docathon focused on documentation styles
  - Reach out to developers on Slack/via email during hackathon
  - [KEEP ON AGENDA]
- Should we have a DIG focused video playlist?
- Continue brainstorming for DIG participation in upcomign Islandora Con 2023
  - review previous participation
    - 2022-08 IslandoraCon Documentation Interest Group presentation
      - https://youtu.be/VS5pVlftzZ8
      - https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1w0xHdsSBDvxt7GTx6zl2pjUDRKC1B8Bm1l6Wg-edRL0/edit#slide=id.p
- Comment/follow up on a recent Rosie [docs draft PR](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pull/2215/files) and [doc commit](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/commit/be684be70309cd8857213453fb9e7e7d09bb9641)
- Follow-up on: Brainstorm ways to ask the community: "what would get more people to contribute documentation"
   - What are priorities, what/how can we make them actionable?
- ICC: Mini hack-docs during Islandora Open Meeting(s)?
    - list priorities for documentation work, use time during OM
- Sprint pre-planning for Q? doc sprint?
    - Taking Starter Site as starting point, explaining what (lowercase-F) features are included, explain what happens when you remove portions/add things
    - Suggestion: mini-sprint/microsprint ((c) Yamil) to reorganize/adapt documentation to reflect Starter Site
    - Dev sprint on configuration of Starter site, follow up with doc-mini/micro sprint? Charter draft: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bsPEjJ7lRRgmt75V90bqBGMHhn7i-qt8MDesD-ncp14/edit
    - [KEEP ON AGENDA] Revisit during next meeting
- Review open pull requests (2-3, max. 20 minutes): https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
  - #2225: Yamil will test custom build
- Review open documentation issues (https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Type%3A+documentation%22)
  - #2195: Update "Updating Drupal" section
- Review recent documentation repository commits (https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/commits/main)
    - Reviewing commits going back to last DIG meeting (04/12)
    - [KEEP ON AGENDA] Starter Site page on documentation, could be fleshed out, eg. using README file; move information from README file to documentation and link docs from readme

## Notes
inline in agenda

## Action items
