# Documentation Interest Group — July 12th, 2023 — 2:00 PM Eastern

Zoom: https://utexas.zoom.us/j/99578628365?pwd=a21YS1RkVnd5WGpITmxvd0czeW1SZz09

Meeting ID: 995 7862 8365

Passcode: 452561

## Attendance

* 

## Resources
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Type%3A+documentation%22)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)

## Agenda
- Community announcements (if any) --
- Update from DIG Survey: https://forms.gle/39XY7o1qgpQt3ZUw6
  - Survey is now closed, we need to mine knowledge from the data.
  - see notes from previous meeting
  - [KEEP ON AGENDA]
- DIG participation in upcoming Islandora Con 2023
  - Need to braisntorm on what to present about DIG in "intro session"
  - Create an agenda for ISladnoraCon on site DIG meeting
  - Ideas from last DIG meeting aout IslandoraCon work
      - Yamil possibly will have hands on demonstration along with presentation.
      - Move back to having documentation releases or scheduled documentation maintenance?
      - May gain new members in DIG because of Islandora Con. DIG should make list of videos to add to the documentation for new members to help with.
- Tabled until after Islandora Con - ICC: Mini hack-docs during Islandora Open Meeting(s)?
    - list priorities for documentation work, use time during OM.
- Sprint pre-planning for Q? doc sprint?
    - Taking Starter Site as starting point, explaining what (lowercase-F) features are included, explain what happens when you remove portions/add things
    - Suggestion: mini-sprint/microsprint ((c) Yamil) to reorganize/adapt documentation to reflect Starter Site
    - Dev sprint on configuration of Starter site, follow up with doc-mini/micro sprint? Charter draft: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bsPEjJ7lRRgmt75V90bqBGMHhn7i-qt8MDesD-ncp14/edit
    - [KEEP ON AGENDA] Revisit during next meeting
- Review open pull requests (2-3, max. 20 minutes): https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
- Review open documentation issues (https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Type%3A+documentation%22)
- Review recent documentation repository commits (https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/commits/main)
    - [KEEP ON AGENDA] 

## Notes
inline in agenda

## Action items
