# Documentation Interest Group — February 8th, 2023 — 2:00 PM Eastern

Zoom: https://utexas.zoom.us/j/99578628365?pwd=a21YS1RkVnd5WGpITmxvd0czeW1SZz09

Meeting ID: 995 7862 8365

Passcode: 452561

## Attendance

* 

## Resources
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Type%3A+documentation%22)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)

## Agenda
- Community announcements (if any)
  - Islandora Camp 2023
  - IslandoraCon 2023 
- Review ICC invitation 
- Kirsta's Slack message: Foundation consindering switch to MediaWiki for documentation
- Rosie's Slack message: New version of MkDocs Material theme, new features
- Sprint pre-planning for Q1/Q2 doc sprint?
    - Taking Starter Site as starting point, explaining what (lowercase-F) features are included, explain what happens when you remove portions/add things
    - Suggestion: mini-sprint/microsprint ((c) Yamil) to reorganize/adapt documentation to reflect Starter Site
    - Dev sprint on configuration of Starter site, follow up with doc-mini/micro sprint? Charter draft: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bsPEjJ7lRRgmt75V90bqBGMHhn7i-qt8MDesD-ncp14/edit
    - [KEEP ON AGENDA] Revisit during next meeting
- Review open pull requests (2-3, max. 20 minutes): https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
- Review open documentation issues (https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Type%3A+documentation%22)
- Review recent documentation repository commits (https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/commits/main)
    - Reviewing commits going back to last DIG meeting (12/14)
    - [KEEP ON AGENDA] Starter Site page on documentation, could be fleshed out, eg. using README file; move information from README file to documentation and link docs from readme
- Review Discussions to see there is anything to "discuss" or update basedon current meeting (https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/discussions)

## Notes
inline in agenda

## Action items
