# Documentation Interest Group — March 8th, 2023 — 2:00 PM Eastern

Zoom: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/83270931608?pwd=ZzlJWWNHdjVPS0ltei9UL3pnRFhzZz09

Meeting ID: 832 7093 1608

Passcode: 832437

## Attendance
* Annie Oelschlager
* Jessica Colati
* Rosie Le Faive
* Mirko Hanke
* Rebecca Power (notes)

## Resources
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Type%3A+documentation%22)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)

## Agenda
* March 20-21 is the [Islandora Camp ENGAGE!](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora-community/wiki/IslandoraCamp-2023)
* Brainstorm ways to ask the community: "what would get more people to contribute documentation"
    * Jessica: DGI and Born Digital are working together on a modern Islandora IR ‘solution’. What does it mean to make something that is releasable to the community now that there are different configurations? Does _releasable _mean that it will work with the Starter Site? Does it mean that there is documentation? How do we document this? Do we only promote things once they are Starter-ready?
    * Jessica: DRAFT - Islandora Community Documentation Survey [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FJ67peZ7VnM-6zVjA_V_GEo6-0mGyYc-vX4gB6fpSaw/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FJ67peZ7VnM-6zVjA_V_GEo6-0mGyYc-vX4gB6fpSaw/edit?usp=sharing) 
        * Would be a survey to individual community members
        * Rough draft currently, will need to be fine-tuned
        * Would it be valuable to add a question asking what configuration/version of Islandora they are using?
        * [ACTION ITEM] What is the timeline to have it out? Before Camp? Camp would be a good place to release it. Annie is going to reach out to Kirsta for confirmation on this via Slack. 
        * [ACTION ITEM] Leading up to Camp it will be announced on the Documentation Slack channel and sent out to the Google group.
* Sprint pre-planning for Q2 doc sprint?
    * Rosie is working on documentation that lasts longer.
        * Goal is to teach Drupal basics, and documentation that shows the actual interface would be recorded and described if really important.
        * Focus on the functionality and the reason for things being documented.  
    * Previous sprint charter draft: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bsPEjJ7lRRgmt75V90bqBGMHhn7i-qt8MDesD-ncp14/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bsPEjJ7lRRgmt75V90bqBGMHhn7i-qt8MDesD-ncp14/edit) 
* Rosie should not be the sole person in charge of documentation. Mirko proposes the creation of a list of people who might be the person to discuss specialised topics with. Could be difficult to balance. Rosie is comfortable addressing most questions. 

## Notes


## Action items
