# Documentation Interest Group — Nov 8th, 2023 — 2:00 PM Eastern

Zoom: https://utexas.zoom.us/j/99578628365?pwd=a21YS1RkVnd5WGpITmxvd0czeW1SZz09

Meeting ID: 995 7862 8365

Passcode: 452561

## Attendance

* 

## Resources
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Type%3A+documentation%22)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)

## Agenda
- Community announcements (if any) -- none
- Brainstorm on additonal doc work needed for Drupal 10 & PHP 8.x upgrade
  -  recently updated docs https://islandora.github.io/documentation/installation/docker-maintain-isle/
  -  maybe add a link to current isle-buildkit eleases
- Migration of documentation to different platform (e.g. wiki)
  - justification mostly to lower entry barrier for non-developers
  - documentation very diverse; bigger picture discussion about what we want documentation to accomplish?
  - DIG: scope of a move, Mirko suggests DIG only responsible for documentation, not for information about governance groups currently in Github Wiki
  - DIG: write up what we like and what we don't like about MkDocs
  - DIG: research what it would take to migrate documentation content to Wiki platform (person power)
  - DIG: start by compiling minimal requirements, possible candidates, exit-strategies, workflow for actual content migration
  - DIG: plan research sprint
    - establish timeline, responsibilites
    - Google doc for ideas: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CIjdhAC5LuWhypQZSDpj7UQg_IRZk7_HcaVu_kkhcjQ/edit
  - Islandora Starter Site Wiki documentation: https://docs.lefaive.ca/wiki/Islandora_Starter_Site
  - Would the switch be tied to a user-a-thon, open metting, or something else?
  - https://docs.lefaive.ca/wiki/Unofficial_Islandora_Wiki  
- DIG Survey: https://forms.gle/39XY7o1qgpQt3ZUw6
  - Survey is now closed, we need to mine knowledge from the data.
  - see notes from previous meeting: https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Documentation-Interest-Group/blob/main/meetings/2023/2023-06-14.md
  - no surprises in survey results as to barriers keeping users from creating documentation
  - visualization of survey results?
  - [KEEP ON AGENDA]
  - contains contact info for people we might reach out to again
- Add more obvious link to DIG (and other IGs) to Islandora website?
- Tabled until after Islandora Con - ICC: Mini hack-docs during Islandora Open Meeting(s)?
    - list priorities for documentation work, use time during OM
- Islandora installation methods: ISLE-DC, Playbook to be deprecated
- Sprint pre-planning for Q? doc sprint?
    - Taking Starter Site as starting point, explaining what (lowercase-F) features are included, explain what happens when you remove portions/add things
    - Suggestion: mini-sprint/microsprint ((c) Yamil) to reorganize/adapt documentation to reflect Starter Site
    - Dev sprint on configuration of Starter site, follow up with doc-mini/micro sprint? Charter draft: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bsPEjJ7lRRgmt75V90bqBGMHhn7i-qt8MDesD-ncp14/edit
    - [KEEP ON AGENDA] Revisit during next meeting
- Review open pull requests (2-3, max. 20 minutes): https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
- Review open documentation issues (https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Type%3A+documentation%22)
- Review recent documentation repository commits (https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/commits/main)
    - [KEEP ON AGENDA] 

## Notes
inline in agenda

## Action items
