# Documentation Interest Group - May 24, 2016 - 3:00 PM Eastern

## Attending:

* Chair: Robin
* Notes: Gabriela
* Attending: Melissa


## 1) Approve minutes from last mmeting
* Minutes approved
* [Documentation Interest Group - March 22, 2016 - 3:00 PM Eastern](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Documentation-Interest-Group/blob/master/meetings/2016/Meeting-Notes-2016-03-22.md)
* Approved

## 2) Documentation tip sheet for release
* all done?
	* yes, see https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Documentation-Interest-Group/wiki/Islandora-Style-Guide

## 3) Islandora 7.x-1.7 release
* [Release team spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1PRv2Xo-sNE_sDJHUT5OvTXmNiSHnkdJgwo7VsFkIUgY/edit?pref=2&pli=1#gid=2093695402)
	* a few more items to do
* [Download the Islandora 7.x-1.7 release candidate VM](http://alpha.library.yorku.ca/releases/7.x-1.7/Islandora_7.x-1.7_RC1.ova)
* The 7.x-1.x. Committers would like the DIG to review/address the following: https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1704
	* Melissa took care of this
* Turning Peter Murray's guides about solution packs into a wiki page (https://05539828571457436551.googlegroups.com/attach/3328a5d292546/Islandora%20Content%20Models%20and%20What%20to%20Use%20When.md?part=0.1&view=1&vt=ANaJVrFE9ovZWdzNwBALS6xIGCs8RaOb9TZkRGAlxO_KJ48RiVV7ec4GBDXzY6z1633fASTh6PwNF-bLJNKFEs-L7B8lyQln8rN4cMzLZn8fOAulu6muqJE)	

## 4) Participation
* send call to the community, ask for help with specific roles (e.g. attending the commiters calls, a CLAW documentation ambasador)
* documentation for CLAW, can we get involded at this stage? 
* To encourage participation, move discussions to the main Islandora list. We should use a bracketed "tag" in the subject line for documentation-related messages. From now on use: `[DIG]`


## 5) Next Meeting
* June 28, 2016 @ 3 pm EST
* Chair: Gabriela
* Notes: Robin
* Agenda items
	* Progress on new documentation
	* Progress on new participants

## Action items:

* Gabriela - send call for participation out.
* Robin - to turn Peter's guides into a wiki page.
* Work on release documentation.

