# Documentation Interest Group - August 23, 2016 - 3:00 PM Eastern

## Attending:

* Chair: Robin
* Notes: Melissa
* Attending: Robin Dean, Melissa Anez, Don Richards


## Approve minutes from last meeting

* [Documentation Interest Group - June 28, 2016 - 3:00 PM Eastern](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Documentation-Interest-Group/blob/master/meetings/2016/Meeting-Notes-2016-06-28.md )

## Islandora 7.x-1.8 release documentation

 * A more specific timeline would be nice. Robin will write up a proposal for the Release Manager
 * Will ask DIG's usual suspects to see if anyone want to be Documentation Manager

## Islandora CLAW documentation

* Updates/Discussion?
   * CLAW [sprint task](https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/CLAW/issues/265) to find a way to version documentation
       * DIG does not have an active role for now, but Robin is willing to test solutions later on as an 'outsider' 

## Next Meeting
* September 27, 2016 @ 3 pm EST
