# Documentation Interest Group - January 19, 2016 - 2:00 PM

## Attending:

* Chair: Robin
* Notes: Gabriela
* Attending: Melissa

## 1) Approve minutes from last time
* [Minutes]  https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Documentation-Interest-Group/blob/master/meetings/2015/Meeting-Notes-2015-12-15.md

## 2) Welcome new members
* no new members in attendance

## 3) Tasks 
* 1-page documentation tip sheet
	*Draft available at https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Daxss3yk8LREdh2_h2LsbSm12qcsoPJ0cTe9yAr0bU4/edit# 
	* Suggestions of info to include 
		* when to use screenshots
		* give some examples of code, note boxes, warning boxes
		* when to link to github
		* create e few template pages in the wiki documentation (eg for modules)

* Report to Islandora Roadmap Committee
	* -	the report was revised and it is available at https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EoJv6Kue2q09GTXuaJEnschyiE8koh3DteM5HruMQfw/edit#
* Representative on committers' calls
* DevOps documentation
	* Robin will try to attend the next meeting

## 4) 2016 Meeting time
* Doodle poll: http://doodle.com/poll/vhwizkt6s5gcv9r8
	* Robin will send it out

## 5) Next Meeting
* Chair: Gabriela
* Notes: Robin

## Action items:
* Gabriela to revise the 1-page documentation tip sheet
* Robin to send out the Doodle poll for the next meeting


