# Documentation Interest Group - March 22, 2016 - 3:00 PM Eastern

## Attending:
* Chair: Gabriela
* Notes: Robin
* Attending: Melissa, Janice
* Regrets: 

## 1) Approve minutes from last time

## 2) Islandora 7.x-1.7 Release Team
* Guidelines for documenters - Check in with Gabriela 
* [Release team spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1PRv2Xo-sNE_sDJHUT5OvTXmNiSHnkdJgwo7VsFkIUgY/edit?pref=2&pli=1#gid=2093695402)
* [Islandora 7.x-1.7 release candidate VM](http://alpha.library.yorku.ca/releases/7.x-1.7/Islandora_7.x-1.7_RC1.ova)

## 3) Next Meeting
* April 26, 2016 @ 3 pm EST
* Chair: Robin
* Notes: Gabriela

## Action items:

