# Documentation Interest Group - February 23, 2016 - 3:00 PM Eastern

## Attending:
* Chair: Robin
* Notes: Janice
* Attending: Melissa, Lingling 
* Regrets: Gabriela, Don, Wilhelmina, Jaime, Mike, Sean 

## 1) Approve minutes from last time
* Minutes approved

## 2) Finalize 2016 Meeting Time
  Meeting day / time set:  4th Tuesdays at 3 PM Eastern
 
## 3) Documentation Versioning
Proposal approved.

Goal: modify the current practice for wiki documentation versioning to align it with the process for versioning code.

* The /ISLANDORA/START page always contains the most recent version of the documentation. 
* The START documentation will function like the 7.x branch of the code, constantly being updated, including for the purposes of JIRA tickets/bug fixes and releases.
* The release versions of the documentation are treated as snapshots of /ISLANDORA that are made on release day and not updated after the release. (Versions with numbers are not edited after they are created.)
New wiki menu structure
* Islandora 7.x (Most Current â€“ the only version that can be modified)
* Islandora 7.x-1.7 (Snapshot of 7.x made on release date and not modified after)
* Islandora 7.x-1.6 (Snapshot of 7.x made on 2016-02-23 and not modified after)
New wiki process during releases
1. On code/documentation release day, a snapshot is made of 7.x (ISLANDORA/START) and renamed with the same version number as the new release.
2. Documenters continue to update 7.x until the next release.

## 4) Islandora 7.x-1.7 Release Team
* Guidelines for documenters - Check in with Gabriela 
* All modules are covered!

## 5) Next Meeting
* March 22, 2016 @ 3 pm EST
* Chair: Gabriela
* Notes: Robin

## Action items:
* Robin to follow up with Gabriela regarding the guidelines documentation
* Robin sends out new meeting time to list & Melissa adds it to Islandora calendar