# Documentation Interest Group Minutes - November 17th, 2015 2:00 ET

## Attending:

* Chair: Kelli
* Notes: Robin
* Janice
* Melissa
* Dan (QADan)
* Gabriela

## 1) Approve minutes from last time

* [Minutes](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Documentation-Interest-Group/blob/main/meetings/2015/Meeting-Notes-2015-10-27.md) approved


## 2) Contribute Page
* Becky sent an email to the group with the updated DuraSpace wiki page, but separate changes were made to the [contribute page in the 7.x-1.6 version](https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/ISLANDORA/Contribute) of the wiki, so the changes need to be merged.
* Kelli will contact Becky to ask for help merging the two versions. The current version is meant to mirror the contribute.md files in the GitHub repositories.

## 3) Style Guide
 A comprehensive style guide is too large a task for a single person, or even the group as a whole, to take on.

 Instead:
 * Refer to the [Drupal style guide](https://www.drupal.org/drupalorg/style-guide) (in development) for Drupal-related questions.
 * DIG will focus on making a 1-page "documentation tip sheet" that covers some common formatting questions.

## 4) Update Terms of Reference
* Robin linked to a [draft updated terms of reference](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kGEH63ND2sqV5Ui5vIq3cWpRwVKx2undA0MhPdReKFY/edit)
* DIG members should comment on Google Docs before Dec 1 2015.
* Once it is OK with DIG, Robin will post updated terms to Github.
* Members might vary in how much they are able to participate in the DIG even when they are current members. Group agreed that no specific participation requirements for membership should be added to the updated terms.

## 5) Convenors 2015-2016
  * Robin has agreed to be a convenor for 2015-2016 along with Gabriela.
  * 2 co-convenors is sufficient.
  * Co-convenors will take over chair & notes duties, alternating roles each meeting (no more spreadsheet for rotating chair/notes duties!)
  * If neither convenor can attend a DIG meeting, convenors will ask for a chair from the group members.

## 6) GitHub repository vs. GitHub wiki
We discussed how we use the GitHub files repository vs. the GitHub wiki, and how that differs from other Islandora interest groups. DIG would like to be more consistent with what some of the more recent IGs are doing.
* Robin will move the meeting agendas/minutes from the wiki to the repository and will split out the participants list as its own file.
* The GitHub wiki could be used as our place for "documentation about documentation" going forward (e.g., procedures, style guide.)

## 7) Drupal Rules documentation

* QADan joined the group today to discuss his [Islandora & Drupal Rules](https://gist.github.com/qadan/2d5b71890b58c6528104) documentation.
* This content is really useful and is an example of something we shouldn't try to migrate into the wiki. It could be added to the "[Documentation for Developers](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora/wiki)" section in the Islandora GitHub.
* DIG members should review the Drupal Rules documentation before the next meeting.
* QA Dan can add this as a page in the Islandora GitHub dev docs section.
* We discussed the "GitHub is for developer documentation, Confluence wiki is for end-users" practice. While the group is generally supportive of this, there is overlap between the two groups in what repository administrators might need to know. For example, QADan's [XML forms documentation](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora/wiki/Creating-and-Working-With-XML-Forms)
* DIG will link to the developer-focused documentation on GitHub in a [developer appendix in the wiki](https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/ISLANDORA/APPENDIX+H+-+Documentation+for+developers).

## 8) Committers' Calls
* Kelli has been attending these in 2015. We will need a different DIG representative in 2016.

## 9) Next meeting
* December 15, 2015, 2:00 - 3:00 PM ET
