# Documentation Interest Group — February 10, 2021 — 11:00 AM Eastern

Zoom:  https://us02web.zoom.us/j/87888134747

* Chair: Mirko
* Notes: Melissa
* Attending: 
  * 
  
## Resources
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/labels/documentation)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)


## Agenda
* New co-convenor for DIG
* Updates on documentation changes since last meeting
* Material theme: pro support
* Open pull requests: https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
* I8 releasing: feedback from TAG?
* 'Configuration sandbox' for sharing and testing _Islandora defaults_ improvements 


## Future discussion topics (timing TBD)
* Accessibility
* Cooperation with Lyrasis around IMLS grant for Fedora migration
* Guidelines on the relationship between Readme files and documentation
* Best practices for creating documentation about new features (cf. [notes from 18 November 2020](../2020/18-11-20.md))
* Go through Material theme "insider" features once we're official supporters
* Plans for 2021 (see [notes from 13 January 2021](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Documentation-Interest-Group/blob/main/meetings/2021/01-13-21.md)
  * ISLE Docs (expected around March, synchronized with Islandora move to Drupal 9)
  * Involve group closer with release cycle (possibly work with Release Candidates? Recommendation to TAG for release timeline to include testing, user testing, code freeze, release candidate to be documented [no testing])
  * Organize documentation sprint/ on-line hackdoc
  * Work on structure of documentation, prioritize gap-detection or pedagogical approach?
  * Enhance googleability, investigate MkDocs search function (metadata plug-in?)
  * Manage configuration updates through YAML exports, eg. from locked Sanbox: take to other groups, ICC, Tech, User call

## Notes
### New co-convenor for DIG

### Updates to documentation

### Material theme: pro support 
* Updates?

### Open pull requests

### I8 releasing, feedback from TAG
* Release Candidate with feature freeze to allow for documentation?

### Configuration sandbox
* locked sandbox to share/test/document configuration improvements for Islandora defaults
* feedback from other groups?

## Action items
* [x] Update footer to include information about making changes to documentation (Cary)
* [ ] Delve into Material theme documentation to check for features that are possibly useful: https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/ 
* [x] Test behavior of menu items which have children, possibly create landing pages
* [ ] Danny takes suggestion for release timeline to include RC to TAG
* [ ] Rosie asks for feedback from User Call about YAML configuration update sandbox
