# Documentation Interest Group — March 10th, 2021 — 11:00 AM Eastern

Zoom:  https://us02web.zoom.us/j/87888134747

* Melissa Anez
* Mirko Hanke
* David Kwasny
* Attending: 
    *
  
## Resources
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/labels/documentation)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)

## Agenda
* New time for DIG meetings: 3pm Atlantic/2pm Eastern/1pm Central/12pm Mountain/11am Pacific
* Updates on documentation changes since last meeting
    * Rosie added _Concept_ pages (PR 1769 & 1772): https://islandora.github.io/documentation/
* Open pull requests: https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
* Checking in:
    * Material theme: pro support (status update?)
    * I8 release process: status update? (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ueFohEjuXzpOvKW2u5WZnrZzGZtnHT_FKljZ1iUg3XQ/edit)
    * 'Configuration sandbox' for sharing and testing _Islandora defaults_ improvements (status update from user call?)
    * Nigel's Islandora Advanced Search: docs in [readme](https://github.com/nigelgbanks/islandora/tree/8.x-1.x-advanced-search/modules/islandora_advanced_search), update on merger?

## Future discussion topics (timing TBD)
* Accessibility
* Cooperation with Lyrasis around IMLS grant for Fedora migration
* Guidelines on the relationship between Readme files and documentation
* Best practices for creating documentation about new features (cf. [notes from 18 November 2020](../2020/18-11-20.md))
* Go through Material theme "insider" features once we're official supporters
* Plans for 2021 (see [notes from 13 January 2021](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Documentation-Interest-Group/blob/main/meetings/2021/01-13-21.md)
  * ISLE Docs (expected around March, synchronized with Islandora move to Drupal 9)
  * Involve group closer with release cycle (possibly work with Release Candidates? Recommendation to TAG for release timeline to include testing, user testing, code freeze, release candidate to be documented [no testing])
  * Organize documentation sprint/ on-line hackdoc
  * Work on structure of documentation, prioritize gap-detection or pedagogical approach?
  * Enhance googleability, investigate MkDocs search function (metadata plug-in?)
  * Manage configuration updates through YAML exports, eg. from locked Sanbox: take to other groups, ICC, Tech, User call

## Notes
### Updates to documentation

### Material theme: pro support 

### Open pull requests

## Action items
* [x] Danny to take Material theme supprot to IF treasurer for the greelight now that ICC has approved.
* [x] Danny to make another pass at pull #1721 and get it merged. 
* [ ] Delve into Material theme documentation to check for features that are possibly useful: https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/ 
* [x] Danny takes suggestion for release timeline to include RC to TAG
* [ ] Rosie asks for feedback from User Call about YAML configuration update sandbox
