# Documentation Interest Group ‚Äî April 21st, 2021 ‚Äî 2:00 PM Eastern

Zoom:  https://us02web.zoom.us/j/87888134747

## Attendance

* Mirko Hanke ü™ë
* David Kwasny
* Melissa Anez ‚úèÔ∏è
* Danny Lamb
* Yamil Suarez
* Rosie Le Faive
* Amy Blau

  
## Resources
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/labels/documentation)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)

## Agenda
* Updates on documentation changes since last meeting
* Open pull requests: https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
* Checking in:
    * Sprint!!
    * Can we split "Needs Works" into "Need a little work" and "Needs a lot of work?" Some pages just have a minor fix or two. Some need a big rewrite. This could help in planning the next sprint.


## Future discussion topics (timing TBD)
* Accessibility
* Cooperation with Lyrasis around IMLS grant for Fedora migration
* Guidelines on the relationship between Readme files and documentation
* Best practices for creating documentation about new features (cf. [notes from 18 November 2020](../2020/18-11-20.md))
* Go through Material theme "insider" features once we're official supporters
* Plans for 2021 (see [notes from 13 January 2021](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Documentation-Interest-Group/blob/main/meetings/2021/01-13-21.md); issues marked (!) were identified as priorities by DIG co-conveners
  * (!) ISLE Docs (expected around March, synchronized with Islandora move to Drupal 9)
  * (!) Involve group closer with release cycle 
      * possibly work with Release Candidates - Recommendation to TAG for release timeline to include testing, user testing, code freeze, release candidate to be documented [no testing])
      * Aim for documentation sprint in 2(?) weeks of RC phase
      * work with documentation buddies, as in earlier doc sprints
      * look at recent examples for doc sprints, hackdocs for planning
  * Organize documentation sprint/ on-line hackdoc
  * (!) Work on structure of documentation, prioritize gap-detection or pedagogical approach?
  * Enhance googleability, investigate MkDocs search function (metadata plug-in?)
  * Manage configuration updates through YAML exports, eg. from locked Sanbox: take to other groups, ICC, Tech, User call
  * (!) Audit and flag pages that are old

## Notes

* Updates on documentation changes since last meeting
     * We are now using the paid version of MKDocs, but not using any of the features yet.
* Open pull requests: https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
     * https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pull/1797 ILSE pr that needs some mroe back-and-forth between Rosie and Danny because there's a lot of great feedback to process. Might need to be broken down into more than one page. What may be missing: the up front explanation of the different "modes" for the tool. Start with a "What is ISLE" that is not part of the tutorial. Danny will work on this.
     * We are not calling it ISLE 8 anymore. It's just ISLE. You can use "ISLE 7' to disambiguate, but going forward, no numbers, because even now it could be 8 or 9, and we'll slide just as seemlessly into 10 someday. Islandora is Islandora.
     *  https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pull/1789 is a work in progress and won't be merged until the release is ready.
* Checking in:
    * Sprint!!
    * Can we split "Needs Works" into "Need a little work" and "Needs a lot of work?" Some pages just have a minor fix or two. Some need a big rewrite. This could help in planning the next sprint.
          * Pin this for next time, but don't change tactics after things have alrerady started. The co-convenors will handle the classification after the sprint (see action itmes)
    * Some confusion about how Conceptual and Reference differ from eachother. Our ideas come from [The Good Docs](https://thegooddocsproject.dev/). Some of our pages mix these types of documentation. [This video](https://www.writethedocs.org/videos/eu/2017/the-four-kinds-of-documentation-and-why-you-need-to-understand-what-they-are-daniele-procida/) explains more about the concepts. We should make note when a page crosses boundaries, to do the work later to clean this up (maybe some of these should be multiple pages).
    * The sprint is documented on islandora.ca in [this blog post](https://islandora.ca/content/upcoming-dig-sprint)
    * We added a "Page Suggestions" tab to the spreadsheet where reviewers and auditors can make note of documentation that needs to be written.

## Action items

* [ ] (long term) Removing "8" from docs, as we switch to numberless branding.
* [ ] Co-convenors will go through the spreadsheet afgtrer the sprint and classify which "Needs Work" pages need a little work versus a major effort.
* [ ] Discuss a google form to catch cuggestions for documnetation pages that are missing
* [ ] Co-conveners will come up with text for I8 welcome page based on example https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/1787
