# Documentation Interest Group ‚Äî April 21st, 2021 ‚Äî 2:00 PM Eastern

Zoom:  https://us02web.zoom.us/j/87888134747

## Attendance

* Melissa Anez ‚úèÔ∏è
* Mirko Hanke
* David Kwasny ü™ë
* Danny Lamb
* Yamil Suarez
* Rosie Le Faive
  
## Resources
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/labels/documentation)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)

## Agenda
* Updates on documentation changes since last meeting
* Open pull requests: https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
* Checking in:
    * Sprint review
          *  Address technical sections that did not get well covered
    * Next Sprint
          * Categorizing which paghes need a lot of work, or just a little work
          * Timeline - still the same for the release? 
* Documentation issues:
    * https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/1805
* New topics
  * (Yamil) Should we create an issue template (similar to PR templates) that can match the issue type? For example, Github creates a drop down menu to pick a template for use cases, bug, new feature request, etc. Though maybe we don't have enough issues being submitted for it to warrant it yet? [Configuring issue templates for your repository](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/using-templates-to-encourage-useful-issues-and-pull-requests/configuring-issue-templates-for-your-repository) 
  * (Mirko) Tested Google Form to Github issue method: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1kBKlu04kp16mBe79cxscOsNpIDAckSAJxAJ9bHQA4NM/edit, feasible for Islandora documentation?

## Future discussion topics (timing TBD)
* Accessibility
* Cooperation with Lyrasis around IMLS grant for Fedora migration
* Guidelines on the relationship between Readme files and documentation
* Best practices for creating documentation about new features (cf. [notes from 18 November 2020](../2020/18-11-20.md))
* Go through Material theme "insider" features once we're official supporters
* Plans for 2021 (see [notes from 13 January 2021](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Documentation-Interest-Group/blob/main/meetings/2021/01-13-21.md); issues marked (!) were identified as priorities by DIG co-conveners
  * (!) ISLE Docs (expected around March, synchronized with Islandora move to Drupal 9)
  * (!) Involve group closer with release cycle 
      * possibly work with Release Candidates - Recommendation to TAG for release timeline to include testing, user testing, code freeze, release candidate to be documented [no testing])
      * Aim for documentation sprint in 2(?) weeks of RC phase
      * work with documentation buddies, as in earlier doc sprints
      * look at recent examples for doc sprints, hackdocs for planning
  * Organize documentation sprint/ on-line hackdoc
  * (!) Work on structure of documentation, prioritize gap-detection or pedagogical approach?
  * Enhance googleability, investigate MkDocs search function (metadata plug-in?)
  * Manage configuration updates through YAML exports, eg. from locked Sanbox: take to other groups, ICC, Tech, User call
  * (!) Audit and flag pages that are old

## Notes

## Agenda
* Updates on documentation changes since last meeting - a few minor spelling fixes
* Open pull requests: https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls - both are works in progress
* Checking in:

[Sprint spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/) Can folks who are working through the manual installation docs help review & update the docs? Danny will try to get these docs looked at. 

Next sprint: 
          * Categorizing which pages need a lot of work, or just a little work - homework for co-convenors. Adding a nerw column to determine which pages just have some quick fixes, versus a major rewrite
          * Timeline - still the same for the release? Yep! Melissa will add announcement and recruitment sheet to newsletter.


* Documentation issues:
    * https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/1805 - Can we write up a fact sheet listing all the stuff from 7 and saying if exists in 8 (and link out to how?). Something to tackle after the srpint. Maybe we can crowdsource this info by sharing a Google doc with the matrix of features and consulting with those who know. 
* New topics
  * Issue templates: Just reequires adding the GitHub file in the write folder. Yamil will try this out and put in a PR.
  * Google Form to Github issue method: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1kBKlu04kp16mBe79cxscOsNpIDAckSAJxAJ9bHQA4NM/edit, feasible for Islandora documentation? - We're going to leave this idea aside for now. The form attributes the Issues to whoevber made the API key, so it would cut off the issues from the people who submitted them, preventing two-way communication. Not worth the extra work to monitor this for now. 
  
## Action items

* [ ] (long term) Removing "8" from docs, as we switch to numberless branding.
* [ ] Co-convenors will go through the spreadsheet after the sprint and classify which "Needs Work" pages need a little work versus a major effort.
* [ ] Co-conveners will come up with text for I8 welcome page based on example https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/1787
* [ ] Melissa to add note about next sprint in newsletter update and send to Arran
* [ ] Yamil to make PR for Issue templates
