# Documentation Interest Group — May 19th, 2021 — 2:00 PM Eastern

Zoom:  https://us02web.zoom.us/j/87888134747

## Attendance
* Mirko Hanke (Chair)
* David Kwasny 
* Melissa Anez
* Amy Blau
* Yamil
* Don Richards
* Paige Morfitt
* Rocis Le Faive
  
## Resources
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/labels/documentation)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)

## Agenda
* Updates on documentation changes since last meeting 
* Open pull requests: https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
* [Documentation Writing Sprint](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit#gid=1394671846)


## Notes
* Updates on documentation changes since last meeting 

* Open pull requests: https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
    - Release notes #1789
    - Updating ISLE docs #1797
    - Added "make command not found" failure fix #1816

* [Documentation Writing Sprint](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit#gid=1394671846)
    - possible instructions needed for adding images or multiple pages
    - Don has a [YouTube video that explains how to add images to documentation pages](https://youtu.be/wVHJtL-y7P0)
    - Amy has been trying to get individuals from the ICG to participate 
    - there have not been any pull requests that would affect the sprint during this time
    - the sandbox will be available on Friday, says Danny
    - Danny will do the install docs
    - New features that need documentation will need to be reviewed from Git History
    - Don asks, who is the target audience of these docs, how do we better assist those audiences 
    - go to islandora slack if there are questions during sprint

## Action items

* [ ] (long term) Removing "8" from docs, as we switch to numberless branding.
* [x] Co-convenors will go through the spreadsheet after the sprint and classify which "Needs Work" pages need a little work versus a major effort.
* [ ] Co-conveners will come up with text for I8 welcome page based on example https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/1787
* [x] Melissa to add note about next sprint in newsletter update and send to Arran
* [ ] Yamil to make PR for Issue templates
