# Documentation Interest Group — June 16, 2021 — 2:00 PM Eastern

Zoom:  https://us02web.zoom.us/j/87888134747

## Attendance
*
  
## Resources
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/labels/documentation)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)

## Agenda
- Looking for third co-convener
- DIG meeting frequency, move to monthly?
- Updates on documentation changes since last meeting
- Open pull requests: https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
- Documentation Writing Sprint - documenting about the sprint (https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Documentation-Interest-Group/blob/main/sprints/2021%20Spring%20documentation%20sprints.md)
- Next focus: What will the DIG do now that we are done sprinting?
- Potential topics:
  - Accessibility
  - Cooperation with Lyrasis around IMLS grant for Fedora migration
  - Guidelines on the relationship between Readme files and documentation
  - Best practices for creating documentation about new features (cf. [notes from 18 November 2020](../2020/18-11-20.md))
  - Go through Material theme "insider" features once we're official supporters
  - Plans for 2021 (see [notes from 13 January 2021](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Documentation-Interest-Group/blob/main/meetings/2021/01-13-21.md)
    - ISLE Docs (expected around March, synchronized with Islandora move to Drupal 9)
    - Involve group closer with release cycle (possibly work with Release Candidates? Recommendation to TAG for release timeline to include testing, user testing, code freeze, release candidate to be documented [no testing])
    - Organize documentation sprint/ on-line hackdoc
    - Work on structure of documentation, prioritize gap-detection or pedagogical approach?
    - Enhance googleability, investigate MkDocs search function (metadata plug-in?)
    - Manage configuration updates through YAML exports, eg. from locked Sanbox: take to other groups, ICC, Tech, User call


## Notes


## Action items

* [ ] (long term) Removing "8" from docs, as we switch to numberless branding.
* [ ] Co-conveners will come up with text for I8 welcome page based on example https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/1787
* [ ] Yamil to make PR for Issue templates
* [ ] Draft email message for contacting possible contributors to Manual Install documentation
* [x] Danny asks Seth and Eli about updates to Access Control page
* [ ] Try different approaches for asking contributors to initiate/provide material for documentation
