# Documentation Interest Group — August 11, 2021 — 2:00 PM Eastern

Zoom:  https://us02web.zoom.us/j/87888134747

## Attendance
* 
  
## Resources
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/labels/documentation)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)

## Agenda
- Open pull requests: https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
- Discuss: Feature parity document, who should maintain it? Conversation with Tech Call, ICC, Leadership?
- Discuss: Role for DIG to curate/manage issues labeled 'documentation'?
- Documentating what you need to know about Drupal in ordert to set up your Islandora
- MIG working on glossary, integration with documentation?
- (Time permitting:) Discuss: Pain points raised by ICG report?
- Revisit: Action items

## Notes
* 

## Action items

* [x] Melissa creates issue for moving cookbook into documentation: https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/1873
* [x] Yamil creates meta-issue for Drupal prerequisites/concepts: https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/1874
* [ ] (long term) Removing "8" from docs, as we switch to numberless branding.
* [ ] Co-conveners will come up with text for I8 welcome page based on example https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/1787
* [ ] Yamil to make PR for Issue templates
* [ ] Draft email message for contacting possible contributors to Manual Install documentation
* [ ] Try different approaches for asking contributors to initiate/provide material for documentation
