# Documentation Interest Group — September 13, 2021 — 2:00 PM Eastern

Zoom:  https://us02web.zoom.us/j/87888134747

## Attendance
* 
  
## Resources
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/labels/documentation)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)

## Agenda
- Open pull requests: https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
  - Update on integration of cookbook with documentation
- Review 2-3 documentation issues: https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/labels/documentation
- Review Action items
- (from last month) MIG working on glossary
  - update about glossary work
  - offer thanks and cooperation to MIG
  - discuss how to integrate glossary sprint results with documentation
  - visit MIG meeting on Sept 13th to talk about further collaboration on the glossary
- (from last month) Discuss: Pain points raised by ICG report? 
  - if possible create Github issues from report
  - (some documentation issues may be addressed by Lyrasis's IMLS grant deliverables)
- Documentation meta-discussion
  - Rosie's offer to work on documentation
  - https://docs.lefaive.ca/w/index.php/Rosie_Le_Faive%27s_Islandora_Wiki

## Notes
### Changes to template to facilitate documentation issues
* Proposal to add a reminder to the pull request template to prompt documentation
* Change approved

### Open pull requests
* Yamil reached out to outside committer re CLA, no response. Yamil will recreate the commit to capture the information, then we will close the PR with a note that we tried to contact re. CLA.
* Release notes PR -- Melissa will reach out to Tech Call to see what needs to be done before it can be merged.
* How to release -- waiting on more information from Danny.
* Manual install PR -- waiting on someone to test the new documentation before it's merged.

### Feature parity document discussion
* DIG not the owner of this document, will not maintain it, but will help contribute and distribute
* We will revisit the document regularly, can check whether individual features are already in documentation.
* Some discussion of how the feature parity document relates to the IF Executive Director position role.

### Managing issues labeled documentation
* Currently there are 43 open issues
* We will make a standing agenda item to look at 2-3 old issues per DIG meeting plus new ones, to clean up gradually.

### Drupal prerequisites to set up Islandora
* Ongoing open issue. Need to decide whether this is one page or can be incorporated into existing documentation.
* Some discussion of using open meeting demos etc. in documentation.

### Revisit remaining agenda items at next meeting, start thinking about a sprint in the fall.

## Action items

* [ ] (long term) Removing "8" from docs, as we switch to numberless branding.
* [ ] Co-conveners will come up with text for I8 welcome page based on example https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/1787
* [ ] Yamil to make PR for Issue templates
* [ ] Try different approaches for asking contributors to initiate/provide material for documentation
* [x] Make standing agenda item to review documentation issues 
