# Documentation Interest Group — October 13, 2021 — 2:00 PM Eastern

Zoom:  https://us02web.zoom.us/j/87888134747

## Attendance
* 
  
## Resources
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/labels/documentation)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)

## Agenda
- Open pull requests: https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
- Review Action items
- MIG meeting debrief
- DIG and Documentation role in upcoming community sprint
- Semantic versions/Islandora and Legacy 
- Issue Templates: [draft ideas](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dF0yL9_lRsaX14Mb2nsMzZXUIbSPMmFITGH8KP_Zcxk/edit#)
- Revisit pushing a revised table of contents


## Notes




## Action items
* [ ] revisit feature parity document
* [ ] add a reminder to the pull request template for _code_ commits to remember documentation
* [ ] (long term) Removing "8" from docs, as we switch to numberless branding, add reference/explanation about software versioning changes.
* [ ] Co-conveners will come up with text for I8 welcome page based on example https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/1787
* [ ] Yamil to make PR for Issue templates
* [ ] Try different approaches for asking contributors to initiate/provide material for documentation
