# Documentation Interest Group — February 2nd, 2022 — 2:00 PM Eastern

Zoom: https://utexas.zoom.us/j/99578628365?pwd=a21YS1RkVnd5WGpITmxvd0czeW1SZz09
Meeting ID: 995 7862 8365, Passcode: 452561

## Attendance

* 

  
## Resources
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/labels/documentation)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)

## Agenda
- Open pull requests (2-3, max. 20 minutes): https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
- Review Sprint "Github project" items https://github.com/orgs/Islandora/projects/6/views/9
- Discussion of how to track updates to Islandora code that will require changes in the documentation arising from thr Sprint

## Notes
* Discussion of Zoom for future DIG meetings
   * Mirko will ask at ICC meeting if hosting meetings is part of Isabella's work: it's not, DIG co-conveners manage video call
   * Link to meetings will be in just the agenda rather than both agenda and invite, to make updating easier.
* Open pull requests
   * [Melissa's documentation from the sprint](https://github.com/islandora/documentation/pull/1997) needs review and merging. 
   * Mirko decided to look at the documentation at the end of the meeting, so Yamil and Amy could see how he tests it.
   * Mirko couldn't recreate steps described, as things might have changed since Mark Jordan wrote the instructions. Asked Mark Jordan follow-up question, no response so far
* Discussion of how to track updates to Islandora code for documentation
   * The sprint had regular sprint meetings, but DIG isn't aware of a final review or write-up, or metadocumentation out of the sprint.
   * Is everything that was done in the sprint on the [board](github.com/orgs/islandora/projects/6/views/9), and are the statuses accurate?
   * Communication question -- how do we keep emphasizing that significant changes to code require updating documentation from the people who are changing the code?
   * Melissa and Yamil have attended tech calls, could add reminder to tech call agenda
   * DIG will also check with ICC about this issue: No discussion of this topic yet

## Action items
* [x] Yamil to turn [cookbook template](https://github.com/Islandora-Labs/Islandora-Cookbook/blob/main/recipes/recipe_template.md) into Google doc for easier collaboration
* [ ] revisit feature parity document
* [ ] add a reminder to the pull request template for _code_ commits to remember documentation
* [ ] (long term) Removing "8" from docs, as we switch to numberless branding, add reference/explanation about software versioning changes.
* [ ] Co-conveners will come up with text for I8 welcome page based on example https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/1787
* [ ] Yamil to make PR for Issue templates
* [ ] Try different approaches for asking contributors to initiate/provide material for documentation
* [ ] Yamil will recreate https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pull/1816
