# Documentation Interest Group — March 9th, 2022 — 2:00 PM Eastern

One time meeting link:

Zoom: https://berklee.zoom.us/j/94108405484?pwd=MkZPc2FndGJiU09STW01RFRYUTl1Zz09
Meeting ID: 941 0840 5484
Passcode: 766237

~~Usual meeting link...
Zoom: https://utexas.zoom.us/j/99578628365?pwd=a21YS1RkVnd5WGpITmxvd0czeW1SZz09
Meeting ID: 995 7862 8365, Passcode: 452561~~

## Attendance

* 
  
## Resources
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Type%3A+documentation%22)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)

## Agenda
- Open pull requests (2-3, max. 20 minutes): https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
- Review Discussions to see there is anything to "discuss" or update basedon current meeting 
- GitHub Discussions - How to draw in more developer contributions
- Consider submitting a proposal for IslandoraCon 2022. More info [here.](https://groups.google.com/g/islandora/c/SzR8BSHBUvo), [submision form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScJkgM8AtfZnVwoInBuRuilJ-JbDb9Myyds9D0AXXHN7OLr1w/viewform).
    * workshop? lightning talk?
- Review if any unlinked ".md" files need to be linked? https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/2068
- Revisit creating versioned versiosn of docs. For example to address both mentions of "[Resource Node](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/user-documentation/glossary/#repository-item)" (Islandora 8) versus "[Repository Item](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/user-documentation/glossary/#repository-item)" (Islandora 2 + Install Profile?) 

## Notes
* 

## Action items
* [ ] revisit feature parity document
* [ ] add a reminder to the pull request template for _code_ commits to remember documentation
* [ ] (long term) Removing "8" from docs, as we switch to numberless branding, add reference/explanation about software versioning changes.
* [ ] Co-conveners will come up with text for I8 welcome page based on example https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/1787
* [ ] Yamil to make PR for Issue templates
* [ ] Yamil to make PR for running spellcheck on offical docs 
* [ ] Try different approaches for asking contributors to initiate/provide material for documentation
