# Documentation Interest Group — May 11th, 2022 — 2:00 PM Eastern

One time meeting link:

Zoom: https://utexas.zoom.us/j/99578628365?pwd=a21YS1RkVnd5WGpITmxvd0czeW1SZz09
Meeting ID: 995 7862 8365, Passcode: 452561

## Attendance

* 
  
## Resources
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Type%3A+documentation%22)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)

## Agenda
- As part of the goals outlined for Q2 of the islandora Roadmap, we are looking at setting up a documentation sprint June 20 - June 29, focused on user documentation.
How would DIG like to be a part of the documentation sprint if it goes forward? (Isabella Nikolaidis)
- Consider submitting a proposal for IslandoraCon 2022. More info [here.](https://groups.google.com/g/islandora/c/SzR8BSHBUvo), [submision form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScJkgM8AtfZnVwoInBuRuilJ-JbDb9Myyds9D0AXXHN7OLr1w/viewform).
    * workshop? lightning talk? (The deadline for submissions is May 15.) (proposed by Yamil)
    * topics: intro to DIG; intro to Markdown
    * Consider suggestign that the multi-day hackathon includes documentation creation?
- Open pull requests (2-3, max. 20 minutes): https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
- Review Discussions to see there is anything to "discuss" or update basedon current meeting 
- GitHub Discussions - How to draw in more developer contributions
- Review if any unlinked ".md" files need to be linked? https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/2068
- Revisit creating versioned versiosn of docs. For example to address both mentions of "[Resource Node](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/user-documentation/glossary/#repository-item)" (Islandora 8) versus "[Repository Item](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/user-documentation/glossary/#repository-item)" (Islandora 2 + Install Profile?) (proposed by Yamil)
    * Link to relevant Github Discussion on this topic https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/discussions/2089
    * This may be best served by creating an issue then a small PR to add an admonition to explain the differnce in terms. 
- Should we start reviewing docs changes added to docs repo that occur between DIG meetings by looking at [recently closed PRs](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed) or [recent commits to main branch](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/commits/main) at every DIG meeting? (proposed by Yamil)


## Notes
* 

## Action items
* [ ] revisit feature parity document
* [ ] add a reminder to the pull request template for _code_ commits to remember documentation
* [ ] (long term) Removing "8" from docs, as we switch to numberless branding, add reference/explanation about software versioning changes.
* [ ] Co-conveners will come up with text for I8 welcome page based on example https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/1787
* [ ] Yamil to make PR for Issue templates
* [ ] Yamil to make PR for running spellcheck on offical docs 
* [ ] Try different approaches for asking contributors to initiate/provide material for documentation
