# Documentation Interest Group — July 13th, 2022 — 2:00 PM Eastern

One time meeting link:

Zoom: https://utexas.zoom.us/j/99578628365?pwd=a21YS1RkVnd5WGpITmxvd0czeW1SZz09

Meeting ID: 995 7862 8365, Passcode: 452561

## Attendance

* Yamil (chair)
* Mirko (notes)
* Michelle
* Isabella
  
## Resources
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Type%3A+documentation%22)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)

## Agenda
- Introductions
- Start planning to add a 3rd co-convener of DIG: previous 3rd co-convener resigned from DIG, because job priorities have changed
  - sending out communication seeking 3rd co-convener: not requiring expertise in documentation, Markdown, mostly about facilitation
  - creating more attention for DIG during IslandorCon, mention during presentation(s) that we're looking for 3rd co-convener
  - timing for email communication: after IslandoraCon 
- As part of the goals outlined for Q2 of the islandora Roadmap, we are looking at setting up a documentation sprint ~~June 20 - June 29~~, focused on user documentation. How would DIG like to be a part of the documentation sprint if it goes forward? (Isabella Nikolaidis)
  - sprint goals revisited/postponed until modularization of Islandora
  - documentation structure changes proposed by Rosie accepted
  - follow-up questions from sprint: Behaviors/models pages
  - Michelle: Why the term "behaviors"? Perhaps too academic/fuzzy a distinction
  - Schematic overview, Michelle could share diagrams
  - new sprint date: Q4, ideally based on more modular version of Islandora
- Updates on IslandoraCon presentation plans
  - 1 hour presentation, introduction to tools/technology for documentation
  - Mirko and Yamil will coordinate outside DIG meetings to plan presentation
- Open pull requests (2-3, max. 20 minutes): https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
  - PR 2133: pending other PR 
  - PR 2105: pending review by someone with domain knowledge about transcripts
  - PR 2096: pending review
  - PR 2038: pending review
- Review Discussions to see there is anything to "discuss" or update basedon current meeting 
- GitHub Discussions - How to draw in more developer contributions
  - not much activity
- Isabella: planning use-a-thon in for of conference; could have documentation tasks
- MIchelle: linking terms to glossary entries; guidelines for linking?
  - add as nice-to-have to documentation styleguide, to link to glossary entries
- Review if any unlinked ".md" files need to be linked? https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/2068
  - postponed
- Review feature parity document: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jE19AZgwceTo9-eccCRfseiO-4q4iVGPsMWxC5JZrL4/edit#gid=960987100
  - postponed


## Notes
see agenda

## Action items
* [ ] revisit feature parity document: [Islandora 7.x to Islandora 2 functionality map - feature parity 7 to 8](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jE19AZgwceTo9-eccCRfseiO-4q4iVGPsMWxC5JZrL4/edit#gid=960987100)
* [ ] add a reminder to the pull request template for _code_ commits to remember documentation
* [ ] (long term) Removing "8" from docs, as we switch to numberless branding, add reference/explanation about software versioning changes.
* [ ] Co-conveners will come up with text for I8 welcome page based on example https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/1787
* [ ] Try different approaches for asking contributors to initiate/provide material for documentation
