# Documentation Interest Group — November 9th, 2022 — 2:00 PM Eastern

One time meeting link:

Zoom: https://utexas.zoom.us/j/99578628365?pwd=a21YS1RkVnd5WGpITmxvd0czeW1SZz09

Meeting ID: 995 7862 8365 

Passcode: 452561

## Attendance

*

## Resources
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Type%3A+documentation%22)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)

## Agenda
- new from ICC mtg on 02 Dec: make sure that Code of Conduct committee is in the loop about any sprint planning, to make sure they can consult/participate

- Community anoucenments?
    - Date announced for IslandoraCon 2023, will happen in Toronto
- Email from Amy/ICC: Participation of DIG in Open Meetings, occasional reporting to ICC during meetings
    - Email was sent by Yamil to Amy, no reply yet
    - Still no response
- Sprint pre-planning for Q4/Q1 doc sprint? (updates from Rosie?)
    - Need to keep watching the modularization project
    - New Starter Site available, could do doc reorg push
    - Taking Starter Site as starting point, explaining what (lowercase-F) features are included, explain what happens when you remove portions/add things
    - Suggestion: mini-sprint/microsprint ((c) Yamil) to reorganize/adapt documentation to reflect Starter Site
    - Rosie will create issue 'Document Starter Site better'
    - [KEEP ON AGENDA] Revisit during next meeting
- Review open pull requests (2-3, max. 20 minutes): https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
    - https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pull/2187, Annie will take a stab at it
    - https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pull/2105, good to merge
    - https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pull/2096, pending PR of underlying code change, skip
- Review open documentation issues (https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Type%3A+documentation%22)
    - https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/2153, waiting for implementation
    - https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/2182, tagged as Documentation issue; discussion of keeping different installation methods in sync, which is difficult b/c installation methods differ in the tools used and the readability (procedural vs. declarative instructions, different languages); Rosie added warning to manual install doc page for Crayfish
- Review recent documentation repository commits (https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/commits/main)
    - Reviewing commits going back to last DIG meeting (10/12)
    - discussion of docker-compose/docker compose syntax; code still has dependencies using docker-compose; take up with TAG
    - [KEEP ON AGENDA] Starter Site page on documentation, could be fleshed out, eg. using README file; move information from README file to documentation and link docs from readme
- Review Discussions to see there is anything to "discuss" or update basedon current meeting (https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/discussions)
- Discussion of other topics


## Notes
inline in the agenda

## Action items
