# Documentation Interest Group — December 14th, 2022 — 2:00 PM Eastern

One time meeting link:
https://berklee.zoom.us/j/91945550362?pwd=T003MytpcEdyNUIxcTRybTNjZy9lUT09

Meeting ID: 919 4555 0362

Passcode: 014206


## Attendance

* Yamil Suarez (chair)
* Annie Oelschlager (notes)
* Jessica Colati

## Resources
* [Islandora 8 Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/)
* [Spreadsheet on Islandora 8 Documentaton](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Islandora 8 Documentation Issues](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Type%3A+documentation%22)
* [Islandora 7 Documentation](https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/ISLANDORA/Start)

## Agenda
- Community announcements (if any) 
- Sprint pre-planning for Q1/Q2 doc sprint?
    - Taking Starter Site as starting point, explaining what (lowercase-F) features are included, explain what happens when you remove portions/add things
    - Suggestion: mini-sprint/microsprint ((c) Yamil) to reorganize/adapt documentation to reflect Starter Site
    - Dev sprint on configuration of Starter site, follow up with doc-mini/micro sprint? Charter draft: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bsPEjJ7lRRgmt75V90bqBGMHhn7i-qt8MDesD-ncp14/edit
    - [KEEP ON AGENDA] Revisit during next meeting
- Review open pull requests (2-3, max. 20 minutes): https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pulls
- Review open documentation issues (https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Type%3A+documentation%22)
- Review recent documentation repository commits (https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/commits/main)
    - Reviewing commits going back to last DIG meeting (11/09)
    - [KEEP ON AGENDA] Starter Site page on documentation, could be fleshed out, eg. using README file; move information from README file to documentation and link docs from readme
- Review Discussions to see there is anything to "discuss" or update basedon current meeting (https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/discussions)
- Discussion of other topics


## Notes
- Community announcements
    - The only announcement was for the Starter Site spritnt.
- Sprint pre-planning for Q1/Q2 doc sprint
    - No updates. Maybe after the Starter Site sprint ends.
- Open pull requests
    - Merged two pull request.
    - Annie offered to look at a pull request https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pull/2192
- Issues
    - Annie offered to look at an issue Yamil submitted https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/2195

## Action items
